Let's get dangerous!
Let’s get surrealistic!
Let's get funky, monkey!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the switch that derails your train! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the thing that goes bump in the night! I'm the neurosis that requires a $500 an hour shrink! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the jailer that throws away the key! I am feeling really stupid. Boy, I hate it when I'm early. Sheesh. You'd think criminal masterminds would be more punctual.
I am the terror that flaps in the night. I am... I'm the surprise in your cereal box. I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the chill that runs up your spine! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror who flaps in the night! I am the spider who nips at your neck! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the little mouse that eats your cheese! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the widget missing from the easy-to-assemble swing set! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the combination lock on the vaults of justice! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the icky bug that crawls up your trouser leg! I don't need an appointment. For I am Darkwing Duck!
The city of St. Canard is home to a thousand criminals, but not one dares make a move. For this city has a shadowy guardian who hunts them like a phantom in the darkness. I am that guardian. I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the winged scourge that pecks at your nightmares! I am Darkwing Duck! And I am totally bored out of my skull!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the winged scourge that pecks at your nightmares! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the feathery phantom that haunts your nightmares! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the onion that stings in your eyes! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the paper cut that ruins your morning! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the metal key on the sardine can of justice! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the butter that burns in your pan! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the hair in the lens of your projector! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the-hey, I'm-I'm not finished. Now, as I was saying: I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the flea you cannot flick! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am! The terror that flaps in the night! The termite that devours your floorboards! That is to say: Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the current of vengeance gurgling through your sewer!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the weirdo who sits next to you on the bus! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the misshapened blotch that stains your walls! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the tube of Cadmium Yellow that is impossible to open! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the bubble gum that clings to your shoe! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the wrong number that wakes you at 3am! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the clipper that trims your hedges! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the cat that somebody let out of the bag! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the moth that seeks your porch light! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! The winged scourge that pecks at your nightmares. I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that poofs in the night! I am the switch that derails your train! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that usually naps in the afternoon!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the jailor that swallows the keys!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the single career man women want to date! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the milkman who spills fear at your doorstep! I am the waiter who brings you second helpings of terror! I am Darkwing Duck!
Hark! I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the leaky faucet that keeps you awake at night! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that splashes in the night! I am the grimy water that rusts the underside of your car! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the mailman who returns your letters for insufficient postage or because the address got smudged! I am Darkwing Duck!
Freeze, fiend! I am the double scoop that will not melt!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the blister on the pinkie toe of crime! I am Darkwing Duck!
Because I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the awkward goodbye that lasts for far too long! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the classic rock act that never retires! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the monkey wrench in the Quackwerks! I am flapping in the wind!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the umpire who needs new glasses! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the passive-aggressive note left on the employee breakroom refrigerator, typed in comic sans! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the little rollerskate at the base of villainy's staircase! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the licorice jellybean in the candy dish of crime! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the pebble in the penny loafer of depravity! I am Darkwing Duck!
I am the terror that flaps in the night! I am the overstuffed burrito that spills onto the lap of crime! I am Darkwing Duck!